d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\netstandard.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.NonGeneric.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Specialized.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Data.Common.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TextWriterTraceListener.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.TraceSource.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Extensions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.FileSystem.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Watcher.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.IsolatedStorage.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.Pipes.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.IO.UnmanagedMemoryStream.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Linq.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Parallel.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Linq.Queryable.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.NameResolution.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Ping.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Requests.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Security.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebHeaderCollection.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.Client.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ObjectModel.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Reader.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Resources.Writer.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.VisualC.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Handles.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Claims.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Csp.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Principal.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Security.SecureString.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Overlapped.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.ThreadPool.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Timer.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Transactions.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Web.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Serialization.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Analytics.DataPrivacy.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Analytics.Editor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Analytics.StandardEvents.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Analytics.Tracker.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.CollabProxy.Editor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Locator.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.PackageManagerUI.Editor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.TextMeshPro.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.TextMeshPro.Editor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Timeline.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Timeline.Editor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.FileSystemHttpModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.HotReloadModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.LocalizationModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ProfilerModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StreamingModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SubstanceModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TestRunner.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextCoreModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TLSModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UmbraModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityTestProtocolModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VFXModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.XRModule.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Cecil.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.SerializationLogic.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.DataContract.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\ExCSS.Unity.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Legacy.NRefactory.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.IvyParser.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.CecilTools.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEditor.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Timeline.Editor.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.TextMeshPro.Editor.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.PackageManagerUI.Editor.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Timeline.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.CollabProxy.Editor.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.TextMeshPro.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\Unity.Analytics.DataPrivacy.pdb
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.FileSystemHttpModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.HotReloadModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.LocalizationModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ProfilerModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StreamingModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SubstanceModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TLSModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextCoreModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UmbraModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityTestProtocolModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VFXModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.XRModule.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TestRunner.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\Temp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
d:\Users\Gabe\Documents\Unity Projects\Trash Dash\obj\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.pdb
